LeetCode Scoreboard
Welcome to the LeetCode Scoreboard repository! This project is a web application designed to track and display LeetCode submissions for a coding competition. Built with Flask, it offers an interactive and real-time leaderboard experience.

Features
Real-Time Leaderboard: Displays participants' progress in real-time.
User Profiles: View detailed profiles of users, including their submissions and avatars.
Admin Dashboard: Manage competition times, users, and submissions with ease.
Competition Timing: Set and manage start and end times for the competition.
Data Management: Option to delete all submissions from the database.
Tech Stack
Backend: Flask (Python)
Frontend: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Database: SQLite
Web Server: Nginx
Containerization: Docker
Getting Started
To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/zaniixx/leetcode-scoreboard.git
cd leetcode-scoreboard
2. Set Up Docker
Ensure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your machine. If not, you can download and install them from Docker's official website.

3. Build and Run the Application
bash
Copy code
docker-compose up --build
This command will build the Docker images and start the containers for your Flask application, Nginx, and SQLite database.

4. Access the Application
Once the containers are up and running, you can access the application by navigating to http://localhost in your web browser.

5. Admin Dashboard
Access the admin dashboard by going to http://localhost/admin. Here, you can manage competition times, users, and submissions.

Configuration
Nginx Configuration: Customize nginx.conf for server configuration.
Flask Environment: Modify config.py for application settings.
Database: The SQLite database is located in the data directory.
Usage
Set Competition Times: Use the admin dashboard to set the start and end times for the competition.
Manage Users: View, delete, or manage users from the admin dashboard.
View Leaderboard: Check the real-time leaderboard and user profiles on the main page.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes. Make sure to follow the coding standards and provide appropriate tests for your modifications.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Contact
For any questions or feedback, please contact me at your-email@example.com.